empty bowls and empty
stomachs in Northern Gaza about one in
six children younger than two is
malnourished and nearly 600,000
Palestinians are what the world food
program says is one step away from
famine we need food we are sick we have
children we suffer a lot we are deprived
of everything even if other Palestinians
donate a little food to us we still have
to Quee to get it I've been here since
8:00 in the morning waiting for this
meal the UN Agency for Palestinian
refugees unra says the number of
humanitarian Aid convoys entering Gaza
has dropped 50% compared with
January that's an average 98 trucks a
day in February far below the 500 that
enter daily before the war but that Aid
isn't reaching the north of the
strip in Gaza City attempts to get your
hands on what little Aid you can find
can cost you your
life I've been here since the early
morning I need food I have a 40-year-old
son and a 40-year-old daughter who can't
go out who will take care of them we
don't have rice and we don't have flour
my children are sick at home
the soup will likely be the only thing
that many of these families will eat in
days it's a hot meal but it isn't
enough I've come to get something to
keep myself alive it's only soup we need
bread with salt and pepper to eat and to
give us some energy for God's sake we
need help eight agencies say they are
ready to ramp up operations as soon as
the ceasefire is in
place the cautious optimism of a break
break through however is tempered by
months of suffering and the threat of
famine on the
horizon Mike leppel aljazera
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from
aler